---
layout: post
title: "Franks sibling, Hank, and the book of bones"
date: 2023-06-25 12:00:00 +1030
categories: summaries
tags: hank frank soulmonger caitlin musharib aurora dragon guardian minotaur hrakamar
---
### Previously on T-TOA…
In the depths of the dwarven underground ruins, the party discovered a slightly worse for wear Hank, sibling of Frank. Hank told of a device that can be used for powerful magic, a Soulmonger. That the dark lord has begun a process that will cause death and the world will not survive. Hank wants to find it and stop it with the assistance of the eclectic party. After Caitlin clarified a relationship of mutual assistance, the crew headed back to Musharib who Hank spoke dwarvish to what Aurora made out a query of if Musharib has revealed their secrets. Musharib gave nothing away, instead speaking of a red dragon living in the mine of which if the party clears, there is the promise of boon. Hank adds that they believe their gear, namely a staff and tome would have been given to this red dragon by the fire newts. The party take rest pondering their options. Guardian’s night was disturbed by Hank enquiring about the book with a bones cover, saying they may be able to use it to diffuse the Soulmonger, redirecting the magic. However, Hank warned, this doesn’t come without risk. The following morn, the party decided to clear the mines and headed back to the dwarven ruins without Hank. Musharib admitted he’s involved in a bargain he can’t escape and advised that Hank is a strong ally and can be trusted. Musharib lead the party to the vault and imparted some pretty sweet upgrades. Refreshed, the party entered the mines where they defeated minotaurs right off the bat. We rejoin our heroes this session as they navigate their way through the mine of Hrakamar. Will they recover Hank’s gear? Will Guardian decide to help Hank despite their loyalty to the party? One thing’s for sure, there will be blood!

{% include gallery.html folder="images/2023-06-25" %}