---
layout: post
title: "Entering the Fane of the Night Serpent and through to the hall with the golden snake statue"
date: 2023-12-10 12:00:00 +1030
categories: summaries
tags: serpent hydra yuanti izzurba tundra leopold Caitlin guardian portal hank statue cathedral dendar
---
### Previously on T-TOA…
We rejoined our heroes as the hydra fell to its death, one of the heads smashing into a boat. In the flurry, some of the party members were carried away by the water heading North, deeper into the cavern. Izzurba chased after them being the only one in their element.
Tundra, Leopold, Caitlin, Guardian and Filth Bucket (hanging onto Tundra’s head) were left in their single boat, and they decided to dock at a small landing they observed to be a dodgy back entrance. There was a door that had small holes across the bottom, big enough only for snakes. Tundra opened the door to find dark catacombs lined with alcoves, some containing Yuan Ti, curled up and sleeping. Guardian casts pass without trace on the party and the Yuan Ti remain asleep. Hank stopped at the doorway and checked before walking through. The party stealthily continued through the passageways to a small area with a snake pit. To the side was a room lined with pits of blood that two Yuan Ti were bathing in.
Tundra led the party past the room. As they did, they observed several slaves attending to the Yuan Ti’s needs. Guardian pulled out their bow and shot at the Yuan Ti, Hank close by using their ability to render the other Yuan Ti frozen. The party quickly defeated them, and Guardian went to initiate conversation with a slave when Hank held up 2 fingers and pointed at another door in the room with the pits of blood. Guardian opened the door finding an additional two Yuan Ti, one taking no notice of the intruder as they were in the middle of shedding. The other did notice Guardian and battled them one-on-one. Mid-shed, the last Yuan Ti in the room surrendered when Tundra impaled them from across the doorway with a javelin. Hank opened a portal to camp in this small room for the slaves to escape to camp, but says they must go with the slaves and also entered the portal before it closed.
The party continued through the catacombs eventually entering a corridor that forked out - North was what appeared to be a statue of snakes, South was a door, and West appeared to open into a room. Tundra headed West into a hall with pillars, murals of Yuan Ti doing horrible things covering the wall. The party followed. Four Yuan Ti were on guard listening to a priest scathing another two Yuan Ti. Filth Bucket scuttled right over to the first guard and engaged in battle bringing the party into initiative. They defeated all the enemies in the room picking up 1500 gold loot and Guardian took the priest’s magical staff of scales.
In the middle of the room towards the end of the hall was a tall gold statue, and beyond that in the distance there appeared to be a dark wall with unaware Yuan Ti beside it. The party gathered at the golden statue and Caitlin investigated the iconography on the statue, recognising Dendar the snake God, but this statue was not Dendar. In fact, there was nothing religious about this statue which was odd. Caitlin recalled catching a glimpse of religious symbols in a walkway they passed during battle and leaves the party to explore. Meanwhile the party watched on as Filth Bucket scaled the statue to steal the single jade tooth from the mouth of the snake.
Caitlin found an underground cathedral – there were Yuan Ti and a fountain of blood in the centre. She went back to the party and told them to keep quiet as there were other Yuan Ti nearby. Filth Bucket was about to retrieve the tooth, when suddenly the statue came to life offering an encounter that left the party a little worse for wear. The gold statue, defeated, fell to the ground creating an ear shattering sound, alerting the Yuan Ti in the cathedral.
And we ended the session at a clattering cliffhanger! Will our heroes have enough fight in them to get through the Fane of the Night Serpent? Where did the rest of the party go? How will the whole team handle what’s to come? Sss-spectacularly?

{% include gallery.html folder="images/2023-12-10" %}