---
layout: post
title: "The Chamber of the Unseen Watcher"
date: 2024-07-14 12:00:00 +1030
categories: summaries
tags: Mould eyeballs tundra demon statue guardian caitlin bolgar demon filthbucket izzurba timothy leopold aurora crackers mirror font beholder belchorzh skeleton key papazotl napaka acererack minotaur unkh sarcophagus maze
---
### Previously on T-TOA…

We rejoin our heroes as they traversed mouldy corridors eventually arriving at a round mirror with 10 circular indentations located evenly around it’s edges. The party recognised these as positions to place the glass eyeballs they have collected and they set out to find the missing 6.

Whilst passing through a room with statues, Tundra discovered a secret door. It revealed a descending staircase leading to a balcony viewing an outstretched hall, 60ft deep, with 5 floating circular platforms trailing to a demonic statue at the opposite end. The side with the balcony also had a rusty lever in the ‘up’ position.

Tundra was the first to make the leap of faith to a platform, with the assistance of Guardian walking on the ceiling. Caitlin went next when Tundra moved to the next platform, followed by Bolgar, then Filth Bucket in the same way. Guardian investigated the demonic statue and noticed it was made of metal, had its hands stretched forward as if to offer closed palms, and behind it was a small passageway. Aurora pulled the rusty lever on the other side of the hall and suddenly winds gushed throughout the room. Bolgar became stunned, Tundra and Caitlin began babbling, Filth Bucket shrank in fear and Guardian proceeded to lick the statue. Izzurba threw Timothy towards the first platform but the wind, being too strong, directed the cephalopod into the wall. Leopold, overcome with fear for Tundra’s safety, somehow sprouted dragon wings and flew to the first platform, hitting their chin on landing with the struggle against the wind.

Aurora taking in the scene, noted that the demonic statue had its palms open revealing a glass eyeball in each hand. She pushed the lever up and the wind as well as the affects on the heroes stopped as quickly as it started. The palms of the statue also closed.

Crackers arrived on Guardian’s shoulder and once the affected heroes composed themselves, Tundra, Filth Bucket, Leopold, Caitlin, Aurora and Izzurba joined Guardian on the other side of the hall. Except for Bolgar who pulled the lever on the balcony as Aurora had so one of the other adventurers could grab the eyeballs. They successfully retrieve pearly white and scarlett eyeballs.

Moving onward through the passage behind the demon statue, the party came to a small resting room with a campfire and continued toward a long room, to Izzurba’s delight, filled with watery puddles. Paired murals and weapons lined the walls before reaching a waterfall archway. Tundra and Leopold avoided the water while the rest of the party jumped right into solving this puzzle – Caitlin finding a purple eyeball and Izzurba a bright green eyeball in the process.

The party proceeded down a dry corridor to find a piece of it rotated when they walked through, sealing some heroes in, but also revealing a red crystal eyeball to the others, which they retrieved. Eventually, the whole party managed to reunite on the other end of the rotating corridor piece. They continued, coming to a door Tundra broke down, discovering a room with a font in the centre and a shadowy figure on the opposite side that mirrored Tundra’s movements. With Guardian’s assistance, Tundra led the shadow to drink all the water in the font. The figure disappeared, leaving an incandescent orange eyeball at the bottom of the bowl.

Having secured all the glass eyeballs, the party navigated back to the round mirror and inserted them, unlocking the door to a 50 ft, reflective, spherical room. In the centre and covered in a black drape, was a floating round object that sounded like it was snoring. Behind it was a skeleton key in an alcove and in other alcoves evenly spread around the room were piles of gold and treasure. At the sight of this, Filth bucket pushed to the front of the party and ran into the room yelling “treasure!” before bolting to a nearby gold pile. The snoring stopped and with agility, Tundra collected the skeleton key (IV). While the remaining party members appeared from single-file corridor into the room, Izzurba rounded the corner and instantly warned Caitlin of the beholder. Bolgar moved to attack the central object revealing a large rock which fell to the ground and rolled to the side as a beholder called Belchorzh materialised nearby the decapitated skeleton key. The party were suddenly trapped in the room where a battle ensued; spells were nullified, Caitlin was asleep then awake, Guardian was charmed atop the Beholder, but Aurora had the last laugh, smiting Belchorzh to their demise before any more party members could be harmed.

After collecting their loot from the mini-boss, the party decided to travel to the central shaft of the tomb to collect more plaque clues. They then agreed to continue down the spiral staircase to the 4th level of the tomb. They found that the spiral staircase continued down even further, but first they investigated a secret door to a throne room. Papazotl shared with Guardian that the skull on the throne belongs to a great minotaur. Meanwhile, three skeletons painted on walls below the mezzanine – one a scene of the skeleton corpse once a person in the rotating corridor, another a scene of our adventurers fighting the king of feathers, and the last painting something circular on a white background, possibly the battle with the beholder.

Back on the mezzanine level, Bolgar discovered a secret room containing a sarcophagus with an inscription Izzurba learnt meant Napaka. Guardian cautioned to leave the sarcophagus as it belonged to a queen who was a foe of Acererack, not one of the trickster gods. The party then proceeded through a main hallway and then down a dusty, single-file corridor with Bolgar at the lead. He came to a chest in the middle of the path and kicked the lock in, setting off a trap where a giant stone ball fell, splitting the party – Bork, Aurora, Guardian and Bolgar were pushed forward almost into a pit of acid, but they just managed to grab the ledge to pull themselves up.

Joined by the rest of the party, they all found themselves in a room with a colour-changing sarcophagus. There were images of minotaurs on the walls, but on the far wall was a chiselled maze that seemed to change before their eyes. Bolgar was the first to investigate and touch the maze wall, ending up as a miniature figure on what appeared to be a wall maze map. This set the scene for what the adventurers realised was a joint effort to find the keys within the maze. Guardian and Caitlin both found coloured keys and were teleported out of the map, but Caitlin inserted her key when the colour corresponding to it was reflected on the sarcophagus. It opened and the heroes in the maze were teleported out, luckily for Bulgar who encountered a minotaur. For finding this key, Caitlin received the gift of Acererack. The sarcophagus was filled with salt and our heroes made the realisation it belonged to Unkh. Caitlin went to gather salt and as she grazed a cloth, she was met with the possession of Unkh and didn’t resist (pg. 167). All the minotaur images of the walls appeared to walk away but resolved into 10 undead minotaurs before them in the room.

As our heroes stand ready to face the undead minotaurs, their tale continues to unfold with each daring step into the unknown. How will they defeat these foes? What other puzzles, riddles, traps and hazards await in this tomb of mystery? If an undead minotaur laughs in a tomb and no one’s around to hear it, does it still make a sound.. or does it just moo-rnfully echo into the void?



{% include gallery.html folder="images/2024-07-14" %}